Update the AWS CloudTrail updates release note (#5502)
SumoLogic/sumologic-documentation: blog-service/2025-06-16-apps.md

AWS is streamlining [CloudTrail](https://aws.amazon.com/cloudtrail/) events for [IAM Identity Center](https://aws.amazon.com/iam/identity-center/) to retain only the essential fields needed for audit and incident response workflows. These changes improve user identification and integration with directories like Okta and Microsoft Active Directory, and do not impact CloudTrail events from other AWS services.

> - To support this update, Sumo Logic has revised several AWS apps and Cloud SIEM parsers. You must reinstall the affected apps.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- To support this AWS update, Sumo Logic has revised several AWS apps and Cloud SIEM parsers. You are requested to reinstall the affected apps.
```

> - If you use CloudTrail data in saved searches, dashboards, or detection rules, you must update your custom content before AWS enforces the changes on July 14, 2025.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- If you use CloudTrail data in the saved searches, dashboards, or detection rules, you are required to update your custom content before AWS enforces the changes on July 14, 2025.
```
